[1394][IMP]base_ir_values_security_adj: pre-commit, README (#211)
qrtl/nrq-custom: base_ir_values_security_adj/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This modules does the following:

>   * Add "Employee" group to the "Defaults: alter personal values only" (XML ID: base.ir_values_default_rule)  to restrict "Employee" group user to set default value for "Only you"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Adds "Employee" group to the "Defaults: alter personal values only" (XML ID: base.ir_values_default_rule).
  * Adds a new record rule "Defaults: alter all values" to which "Admin / Settings" group is assigned.

Without these adjustments, no one would be able to create user-defined defaults that were applicable for all users.
```

Let's try and address the background why we had to make these changes.
